You know, one of the things that I've loved doing
when working with you has been
basically getting into you and the rest of the team's mind,
as someone brings out a very complex solution
and you're able to lead them through your process
that boils down, okay you've got your 57 steps here.
Here's how it could be done in four.
I think that to sync up your mind with the rest of the team
is being able to understand that and lead folks
through an engaging sort of systemic change,
as you said, bringing the process and the people
through that transformation,
and ultimately deliver a much more seamless, better product,
so that it's all cohesive, and not just a product
to throw in any old culture.